#summary How to contribute to the RadPy project.
#labels Featured

= Introduction =

There are many areas in which you can contribute to the RadPy project, most of which do not require any programming knowledge.


= Helping Out =

==Documentation==

Let's face it.  No one wants to write documentation.  Therefore, anyone who makes the effort to better document a portion of RadPy will have the thanks of a grateful nation of medical physicists.  There is no need to know how the internal code of RadPy works.  A tutorial that explains how to perform various tasks will be of great help to many users who just want to know how to do "X".  Write one up and send it to a project owner and we'll put it in the wiki.

==File Formats==

One of the goals of the RadPy project is to create open formats for the storage of data.  In order to accomplish this, RadPy needs to be able to read files of all types.  Any knowledge of the internal structure of various file types will be gratefully appreciated.  In particular, the Beam Analysis plugin needs to be able to read Omnipro and PTW beam data files.  Currently, RadPy can read some Omnipro (version 6 or later) .RFB files , but still gets errors on some files.  If you receive an error attempting to read an .RFB file, please send the file to flounder.sdt@gmail.com.  There is no current support for Mephysto files.  Any knowledge of the Mephysto file format would be greatly appreciated.

==Development==

Writing unit tests for code, helping fix bugs, developing plugins or contributing to the main RadPy program are all ways to help out.  See the [DevelopersGuide Developer's Guide] for details.